hello guys this is ralph a guy with a
short tutorial on minecraft basically
i'm going to show you say how to
download and install custom maps or any
lay map that sell for download so what
you want to do is go on to your web
browser google me who offer whatever
search what you want i'm just going to
search vex
click Vic super hostile
he's a
super hostile in our is a custom apps a
really good solid advice you will check
them out link will be in the description
so yeah what's your ass is and I want to
know what one you want to download you
want to film the downloaded so I'm going
to
almost got his training
is my first be done
this is just actually poisoned come off
too
so don't worry if it comes up with
something different and now this
mediafire most on those should be me
so then you just click download
and my download has started so I pause
it here and when it's done i'll be back
but
it's our back and as you see it's done
silver after the affair so once you have
it you open it that's it whatever format
is it and you want to find the actual
folder not the extras or whatever comes
adjust the actual folder
so I'll just close out of these and once
you have your folder go to your Start
button then go here go present up day
tap send
click enter
and don't minecraft
save
all your shoe is dragging the folder
that
and as you see it should be in it so
yeah thnkx watch it was and please
comment rate subscribe can we got 20
legs in this video and
yeah but